The personal statement is a chance for applicants to introduce themselves; discuss their interest in TUJ; describe long-term personal, academic, or career goals; or share any other information pertaining to academic goals that the applicant would like the Admissions Office to consider. 

As a kid, I grew up with various Japanese souvenirs and toys around my house. My dad often traveled to Japan for business trips and always brought something home for me and my brother. Over the years, this led me to gaining a lot of interest in Japan, and since my school didn't offer Japanese classes, I started self-studying the language in my Sophomore year. In the summer before my junior year, I traveled to Japan for the first time alone and stayed with a Japanese host family to not only immerse in the language, but also to experience Japanese daily life. After returning home that year, I dedicated more of my time to reading Japanese books in order to improve my vocabulary for when I would eventually visit Japan again next summer. Since I had been spending so much time studying Japanese and being in Japan, I naturally began considering doing college in Japan. During my second visit to Japan this summer, I had the chance to visit TUJ and chat with some of the professors. The atmosphere of the Tokyo campus felt incredibly welcoming to me and compelled me to learn more about TUJ. I became more interested in the international business program at TUJ, since I'm looking for a career where I'm able to communicate in both Japanese and English. My goal is to use what I learnd at TUJ and my connections to build a career where I can connect Japan and other countries through business. Since I've been studying Japanese and spending time in Japan, I've realized how important it is to have people who can understand both cultures to help companies work together smoothly. I want to work in international business and potentially branch out into international law to help create long-term partnerships between various countries. For that reason, I'm interested in going to TUJ for the strong cultural immersion in Japan and the advantages that I'll gain with an American education overseas. 
